
rule generic_pe_files
{
	meta:
		description = ""
		author = ""

	strings:
		$pe = "MZ"

	condition:
		$pe at 0
}



huseynmammadov@Huseyns-MacBook-Pro lab2 % yara -r ./test.yara ./files/
generic_pe_files ./files//Zapdos
generic_pe_files ./files//Regigigas
generic_pe_files ./files//Phione
generic_pe_files ./files//Ducklett
generic_pe_files ./files//Gallade
generic_pe_files ./files//Kadabra
generic_pe_files ./files//Jolteon
generic_pe_files ./files//Noibat
generic_pe_files ./files//Stunfisk
generic_pe_files ./files//Hypno
generic_pe_files ./files//Robert_Baratheon
generic_pe_files ./files//Gliscor
generic_pe_files ./files//Carvanha
generic_pe_files ./files//Mandibuzz
generic_pe_files ./files//Kricketot
generic_pe_files ./files//Meowstic
generic_pe_files ./files//Wynaut
generic_pe_files ./files//Sawsbuck
generic_pe_files ./files//Vanillite
generic_pe_files ./files//Kingdra
generic_pe_files ./files//Gigalith
generic_pe_files ./files//Accelgor
generic_pe_files ./files//Haxorus
generic_pe_files ./files//Breloom
generic_pe_files ./files//Tyrantrum
generic_pe_files ./files//Seel
generic_pe_files ./files//Pumpkaboo
generic_pe_files ./files//Braviary
generic_pe_files ./files//Lady
generic_pe_files ./files//Lampent
generic_pe_files ./files//Glameow
generic_pe_files ./files//Brandon_Bran_Stark
generic_pe_files ./files//Dusclops
generic_pe_files ./files//Baltoy
generic_pe_files ./files//Tornadus
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Bolton
generic_pe_files ./files//Reshiram
generic_pe_files ./files//Zubat
generic_pe_files ./files//Terrakion
generic_pe_files ./files//Thundurus
generic_pe_files ./files//Armaldo
generic_pe_files ./files//Cottonee
generic_pe_files ./files//Pichu
generic_pe_files ./files//Pansage
generic_pe_files ./files//Magneton
generic_pe_files ./files//Graveler
generic_pe_files ./files//Davos_Seaworth
generic_pe_files ./files//Ralts
generic_pe_files ./files//dUZrWinKnB
generic_pe_files ./files//Pineco
generic_pe_files ./files//Palkia
generic_pe_files ./files//Mienshao
generic_pe_files ./files//nKDGODY6nY
generic_pe_files ./files//Cherrim
generic_pe_files ./files//FqBZYHLo3X
generic_pe_files ./files//Sigilyph
generic_pe_files ./files//GuvC7KjBJa
generic_pe_files ./files//C4o5vK5YfC
generic_pe_files ./files//Corphish
generic_pe_files ./files//Crawdaunt
generic_pe_files ./files//qDf56ShlTn
generic_pe_files ./files//Absol
generic_pe_files ./files//bXEs7rYnYW
generic_pe_files ./files//Munna
generic_pe_files ./files//Meganium
generic_pe_files ./files//Unown
generic_pe_files ./files//Toxicroak
generic_pe_files ./files//Politoed
generic_pe_files ./files//Shellder
generic_pe_files ./files//SCR25W2bjL
generic_pe_files ./files//Viserion
generic_pe_files ./files//Tommen_Baratheon
generic_pe_files ./files//Inkay
generic_pe_files ./files//Throh
generic_pe_files ./files//Deino
generic_pe_files ./files//Honedge
generic_pe_files ./files//Chikorita
generic_pe_files ./files//Beyond_the_Wall
generic_pe_files ./files//Quilava
generic_pe_files ./files//Eevee
generic_pe_files ./files//Gurdurr
generic_pe_files ./files//Diancie
generic_pe_files ./files//Tympole
generic_pe_files ./files//Omanyte
generic_pe_files ./files//Duskull
generic_pe_files ./files//NTMeJOA0tu
generic_pe_files ./files//Grumpig
generic_pe_files ./files//Nymeria
generic_pe_files ./files//YlOgSZN9h7
generic_pe_files ./files//sarSu36jHU
generic_pe_files ./files//Pansear
generic_pe_files ./files//DJsVFV3VQe
generic_pe_files ./files//Prinplup
generic_pe_files ./files//Spinarak
generic_pe_files ./files//Lugia
generic_pe_files ./files//Combusken
generic_pe_files ./files//3JiMzRv2N9
generic_pe_files ./files//Golurk
generic_pe_files ./files//Unfezant
generic_pe_files ./files//RyoI4cdLpN
generic_pe_files ./files//Garchomp
generic_pe_files ./files//Abra
generic_pe_files ./files//Alakazam
generic_pe_files ./files//X1GxSRmcuf
generic_pe_files ./files//Binacle
generic_pe_files ./files//KClFxS7wXq
generic_pe_files ./files//Kingler
generic_pe_files ./files//Bwqe2hrecD
generic_pe_files ./files//Clefable
generic_pe_files ./files//zAKs8QFwJg
generic_pe_files ./files//Swellow
generic_pe_files ./files//3TIaBNcmZj
generic_pe_files ./files//Bayleef
generic_pe_files ./files//Carbink
generic_pe_files ./files//Drapion
generic_pe_files ./files//Cresselia
generic_pe_files ./files//Probopass
generic_pe_files ./files//WfRJvshBYk
generic_pe_files ./files//Doublade
generic_pe_files ./files//Heatmor
generic_pe_files ./files//Emolga
generic_pe_files ./files//Shinx
generic_pe_files ./files//EnzeCqXPuA
generic_pe_files ./files//Jorah_Mormont
generic_pe_files ./files//XK4xqBCJN9
generic_pe_files ./files//Silcoon
generic_pe_files ./files//Loudred
generic_pe_files ./files//Sawk
generic_pe_files ./files//9eLX3bsmSv
generic_pe_files ./files//BRpNvICxb4
generic_pe_files ./files//Hoppip
generic_pe_files ./files//Shelmet
generic_pe_files ./files//S0vQNkFwIx
generic_pe_files ./files//drx5hvC8Kj
generic_pe_files ./files//V7M6tEXTCw
generic_pe_files ./files//7TeZ3HsBRE
generic_pe_files ./files//Sewaddle
generic_pe_files ./files//Minun
generic_pe_files ./files//Shaymin
generic_pe_files ./files//Goodra
generic_pe_files ./files//zPhwihZhot
generic_pe_files ./files//OmVyECVGTz
generic_pe_files ./files//Carnivine
generic_pe_files ./files//UIwR5efWAs
generic_pe_files ./files//Nosepass
generic_pe_files ./files//c4Im9HsXYQ
generic_pe_files ./files//rYie4u9F8I
generic_pe_files ./files//tzgLPZjG0u
generic_pe_files ./files//Numel
generic_pe_files ./files//Shae
generic_pe_files ./files//Chespin
generic_pe_files ./files//Wingull
generic_pe_files ./files//5YwjIEjPSH
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Arryn
generic_pe_files ./files//SsmfvU5tMp
generic_pe_files ./files//Catelyn_Stark
generic_pe_files ./files//Gyarados
generic_pe_files ./files//Stoutland
generic_pe_files ./files//bZdsABa04I
generic_pe_files ./files//EeveexQfzBqDoOS
generic_pe_files ./files//Gardevoir
generic_pe_files ./files//5YrAQm5GQ7
generic_pe_files ./files//Machamp
generic_pe_files ./files//Pinsir
generic_pe_files ./files//1nfNw70IXv
generic_pe_files ./files//Klefki
generic_pe_files ./files//Seedot
generic_pe_files ./files//Gible
generic_pe_files ./files//Darmanitan
generic_pe_files ./files//Muk
generic_pe_files ./files//D6ZL379N9y
generic_pe_files ./files//Sliggoo
generic_pe_files ./files//kRJtAfTpAQ
generic_pe_files ./files//7lly3fdZAv
generic_pe_files ./files//KgP7gvAaLn
generic_pe_files ./files//GFV21dlWKC
generic_pe_files ./files//Phantump
generic_pe_files ./files//Alomomola
generic_pe_files ./files//ahdQhyiDhq
generic_pe_files ./files//Yd1x3hrXHx
generic_pe_files ./files//Crobat
generic_pe_files ./files//xTxvbHBYss
generic_pe_files ./files//Venusaur
generic_pe_files ./files//Staravia
generic_pe_files ./files//NVVy5mUFCx
generic_pe_files ./files//jrlmj6apYO
generic_pe_files ./files//wgIMCmcEz2
generic_pe_files ./files//Sylveon
generic_pe_files ./files//Gabite
generic_pe_files ./files//Eelektrik
generic_pe_files ./files//Cherubi
generic_pe_files ./files//Zangoose
generic_pe_files ./files//Clamperl
generic_pe_files ./files//Flareon
generic_pe_files ./files//ghOjh9iXho
generic_pe_files ./files//Scizor
generic_pe_files ./files//ewtN5tbIWL
generic_pe_files ./files//Clawitzer
generic_pe_files ./files//U5jZsyb3gc
generic_pe_files ./files//Arya_Stark
generic_pe_files ./files//Druddigon
generic_pe_files ./files//Relicanth
generic_pe_files ./files//Goldeen
generic_pe_files ./files//Alakazam.bak
generic_pe_files ./files//Typhlosion
generic_pe_files ./files//Doduo
generic_pe_files ./files//Jigglypuff
generic_pe_files ./files//Hm949MKtMP
generic_pe_files ./files//Reuniclus
generic_pe_files ./files//Buizel
generic_pe_files ./files//gqG33SaPfU
generic_pe_files ./files//2n79KAyURu
generic_pe_files ./files//kh9CXgeGau
generic_pe_files ./files//Hydreigon
generic_pe_files ./files//Tz5S1oFvk7
generic_pe_files ./files//8MTiZeq7o4
generic_pe_files ./files//kNz9HmQ3FP
generic_pe_files ./files//vmGThlcLfV
generic_pe_files ./files//Weedle
generic_pe_files ./files//Aipom
generic_pe_files ./files//Samwell_Tarly
generic_pe_files ./files//keK5GBUzrJ
generic_pe_files ./files//Aegislash
generic_pe_files ./files//kMt6xQsCZk
generic_pe_files ./files//fbWyB8vv78
generic_pe_files ./files//Registeel
generic_pe_files ./files//Galvantula
generic_pe_files ./files//I5hCxVr4oW
generic_pe_files ./files//Togekiss
generic_pe_files ./files//Beldum
generic_pe_files ./files//Vileplume
generic_pe_files ./files//Cersei_Lannister
generic_pe_files ./files//Shelgon
generic_pe_files ./files//cjIWtPQpqP
generic_pe_files ./files//oKzEFA1mN7
generic_pe_files ./files//Shiftry
generic_pe_files ./files//Archen
generic_pe_files ./files//a0i48ITO0b
generic_pe_files ./files//Wailmer
generic_pe_files ./files//CXbDoZylCy
generic_pe_files ./files//Arcanine
generic_pe_files ./files//Pachirisu
generic_pe_files ./files//Floatzel
generic_pe_files ./files//Magikarp
generic_pe_files ./files//5k8eqx1LZQ
generic_pe_files ./files//Vigoroth
generic_pe_files ./files//Seaking
generic_pe_files ./files//Skuntank
generic_pe_files ./files//Escavalier
generic_pe_files ./files//Tentacruel
generic_pe_files ./files//Lumineon
generic_pe_files ./files//Larvesta
generic_pe_files ./files//Charmeleon
generic_pe_files ./files//FKBOKd1rb4
generic_pe_files ./files//Articuno
generic_pe_files ./files//Pelipper
generic_pe_files ./files//Gloom
generic_pe_files ./files//eG5luGVmIu
generic_pe_files ./files//Klinklang
generic_pe_files ./files//Krookodile
generic_pe_files ./files//Volbeat
generic_pe_files ./files//aE8gZBzF4J
generic_pe_files ./files//Aron
generic_pe_files ./files//cHubBKB9i4
generic_pe_files ./files//Poliwag
generic_pe_files ./files//Excadrill
generic_pe_files ./files//Solosis
generic_pe_files ./files//Meditite
generic_pe_files ./files//Patrat
generic_pe_files ./files//Tywin_Lannister
generic_pe_files ./files//Cacturne
generic_pe_files ./files//Furret
generic_pe_files ./files//TMaWqQm7x2
generic_pe_files ./files//Pangoro
generic_pe_files ./files//g3um8tLtLF
generic_pe_files ./files//92Z5Fn5kcT
generic_pe_files ./files//ifp048FVHL
generic_pe_files ./files//Florges
generic_pe_files ./files//Mantine
generic_pe_files ./files//4wWpUIYRp6
generic_pe_files ./files//ujYngjlQfd
generic_pe_files ./files//sYZdUGMlgB
generic_pe_files ./files//Carracosta
generic_pe_files ./files//9vmFrbEr1y
generic_pe_files ./files//Watchog
generic_pe_files ./files//Snorlax
generic_pe_files ./files//MguMRFsikN
generic_pe_files ./files//Jbx1Mqn3A8
generic_pe_files ./files//Clefairy
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Stark
generic_pe_files ./files//Minccino
generic_pe_files ./files//shVOw0YDKq
generic_pe_files ./files//qmLXdbaeSW
generic_pe_files ./files//fMbQSCI2Yp
generic_pe_files ./files//Serperior
generic_pe_files ./files//HiyCd461eB
generic_pe_files ./files//Salamence
generic_pe_files ./files//Heatran
generic_pe_files ./files//Spoink
generic_pe_files ./files//Glalie
generic_pe_files ./files//UX73AOcWkC
generic_pe_files ./files//UJVEAG2UrT
generic_pe_files ./files//Hawlucha
generic_pe_files ./files//Vivillon
generic_pe_files ./files//Ashburn
generic_pe_files ./files//mv4QsdjCJq
generic_pe_files ./files//Karrablast
generic_pe_files ./files//Basculin
generic_pe_files ./files//eU7al1OC9w
generic_pe_files ./files//Sandshrew
generic_pe_files ./files//Ludicolo
generic_pe_files ./files//uENlZVdVDb
generic_pe_files ./files//gk7ZL8M7zI
generic_pe_files ./files//Burmy
generic_pe_files ./files//Azumarill
generic_pe_files ./files//Sandile
generic_pe_files ./files//Rampardos
generic_pe_files ./files//Mareep
generic_pe_files ./files//TMmgGaqP1Z
generic_pe_files ./files//Hariyama
generic_pe_files ./files//Skitty
generic_pe_files ./files//Mankey
generic_pe_files ./files//hO1h00RiMt
generic_pe_files ./files//Rattata
generic_pe_files ./files//DQDQ9GUiDd
generic_pe_files ./files//Amaura
generic_pe_files ./files//A6GRBmLePI
generic_pe_files ./files//Blissey
generic_pe_files ./files//Panpour
generic_pe_files ./files//Blastoise.bak
generic_pe_files ./files//Wobbuffet
generic_pe_files ./files//6uK5bJajPf
generic_pe_files ./files//Palpitoad
generic_pe_files ./files//NVTCsy9jMn
generic_pe_files ./files//People_of_Essos
generic_pe_files ./files//Fletchling
generic_pe_files ./files//Voltorb
generic_pe_files ./files//Castform
generic_pe_files ./files//Seismitoad
generic_pe_files ./files//Gengar
generic_pe_files ./files//ps28ZANJu2
generic_pe_files ./files//7rjyDd4bg4
generic_pe_files ./files//Metagross
generic_pe_files ./files//GaagsbsHyj
generic_pe_files ./files//vRExPmZEQD
generic_pe_files ./files//Surskit
generic_pe_files ./files//Miltank
generic_pe_files ./files//kl6LDgBN0P
generic_pe_files ./files//C7CVAAveZU
generic_pe_files ./files//Altaria
generic_pe_files ./files//Gastly
generic_pe_files ./files//m4KmApnfuS
generic_pe_files ./files//Virizion
generic_pe_files ./files//jliQQiLB5L
generic_pe_files ./files//Camerupt
generic_pe_files ./files//Daario_Naharis
generic_pe_files ./files//Piplup
generic_pe_files ./files//Dewott
generic_pe_files ./files//Pancham
generic_pe_files ./files//Pupitar
generic_pe_files ./files//Cno9J7wQWN
generic_pe_files ./files//Whiscash
generic_pe_files ./files//Grovyle
generic_pe_files ./files//Diggersby
generic_pe_files ./files//8LTqVQFauc
generic_pe_files ./files//3fwfbm5Wow
generic_pe_files ./files//Goomy
generic_pe_files ./files//Spinda
generic_pe_files ./files//Scyther
generic_pe_files ./files//Emboar
generic_pe_files ./files//2Ck4ncC3N1
generic_pe_files ./files//1roj4qsEfj
generic_pe_files ./files//Weepinbell
generic_pe_files ./files//x9cBW5ay7R
generic_pe_files ./files//5cM0fX8yoV
generic_pe_files ./files//Luxio
generic_pe_files ./files//Jz6P9U1Isq
generic_pe_files ./files//diK5DJL2M4
generic_pe_files ./files//Qwilfish
generic_pe_files ./files//Cryogonal
generic_pe_files ./files//Qu3Zlju5Au
generic_pe_files ./files//2KXJnDTyCf
generic_pe_files ./files//IDYr4ODKAg
generic_pe_files ./files//Garbodor
generic_pe_files ./files//Jellicent
generic_pe_files ./files//Taillow
generic_pe_files ./files//3sfqtSCERn
generic_pe_files ./files//wcHBKLRenW
generic_pe_files ./files//Frogadier
generic_pe_files ./files//iFbcAVEU3l
generic_pe_files ./files//lQ0ep24wLB
generic_pe_files ./files//Lopunny
generic_pe_files ./files//rMdLD8ZLyd
generic_pe_files ./files//Lotad
generic_pe_files ./files//pdpn61axUv
generic_pe_files ./files//FrcyFe3MjT
generic_pe_files ./files//Cacnea
generic_pe_files ./files//OUpb4LsTxn
generic_pe_files ./files//Squirtle
generic_pe_files ./files//Scolipede
generic_pe_files ./files//Noivern
generic_pe_files ./files//FnQ8oUP23U
generic_pe_files ./files//5FwNwVB1HK
generic_pe_files ./files//Floette
generic_pe_files ./files//Pikachu
generic_pe_files ./files//Archeops
generic_pe_files ./files//6YX3jp6QZS
generic_pe_files ./files//Spearow
generic_pe_files ./files//Ariados
generic_pe_files ./files//Onix
generic_pe_files ./files//Gligar
generic_pe_files ./files//Granbull
generic_pe_files ./files//Dedenne
generic_pe_files ./files//Victreebel
generic_pe_files ./files//Ursaring
generic_pe_files ./files//Roose_Bolton
generic_pe_files ./files//oFlLu23Pdz
generic_pe_files ./files//yZqqRN0B3x
generic_pe_files ./files//Braixen
generic_pe_files ./files//Mantyke
generic_pe_files ./files//Finneon
generic_pe_files ./files//Meloetta
generic_pe_files ./files//Entei
generic_pe_files ./files//Mienfoo
generic_pe_files ./files//VZWuTatTxg
generic_pe_files ./files//zBH8pV4cBR
generic_pe_files ./files//cc4f7QF0Fl
generic_pe_files ./files//Charmander
generic_pe_files ./files//Staryu
generic_pe_files ./files//h4NzfoKh1z
generic_pe_files ./files//Togetic
generic_pe_files ./files//lmRWGFZBbV
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Greyjoy
generic_pe_files ./files//UzUQ5lkVuL
generic_pe_files ./files//Marowak
generic_pe_files ./files//bLFie3olxc
generic_pe_files ./files//Purugly
generic_pe_files ./files//Cradily
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Targaryen
generic_pe_files ./files//hLmEpFdw7a
generic_pe_files ./files//Zebstrika
generic_pe_files ./files//NgPkfdM5ME
generic_pe_files ./files//U4BDD8l7co
generic_pe_files ./files//mqeBVPqw47
generic_pe_files ./files//KF2fsMspJM
generic_pe_files ./files//Bonsly
generic_pe_files ./files//xUAfTMxsT8
generic_pe_files ./files//Rhyperior
generic_pe_files ./files//Lileep
generic_pe_files ./files//Beheeyem
generic_pe_files ./files//rjI2uH4Ttf
generic_pe_files ./files//7o34mRZONf
generic_pe_files ./files//OkzpbIh1CR
generic_pe_files ./files//UROIDWA5xm
generic_pe_files ./files//NN47xVjsQT
generic_pe_files ./files//MBa7v3WtxS
generic_pe_files ./files//Rapidash
generic_pe_files ./files//Venonat
generic_pe_files ./files//Bunnelby
generic_pe_files ./files//dVeCIEDqtT
generic_pe_files ./files//Mamoswine
generic_pe_files ./files//Rufflet
generic_pe_files ./files//UTBiGjJCGo
generic_pe_files ./files//nyg4V6gfES
generic_pe_files ./files//Piloswine
generic_pe_files ./files//Sharpedo
generic_pe_files ./files//rFncHJQo0R
generic_pe_files ./files//Hippowdon
generic_pe_files ./files//pVoybW3vCJ
generic_pe_files ./files//Rk6oJf1Hrx
generic_pe_files ./files//Delphox
generic_pe_files ./files//Ivysaur
generic_pe_files ./files//ZKcE9QZEVK
generic_pe_files ./files//Stunky
generic_pe_files ./files//Ninjask
generic_pe_files ./files//zKZqGMEvFR
generic_pe_files ./files//Zekrom
generic_pe_files ./files//ZGmbg2nrrq
generic_pe_files ./files//Krabby
generic_pe_files ./files//q9z10D94pX
generic_pe_files ./files//Grey_Wind
generic_pe_files ./files//Cloyster
generic_pe_files ./files//YK2dtJLK9A
generic_pe_files ./files//Furfrou
generic_pe_files ./files//4GAasPKfjJ
generic_pe_files ./files//Diglett
generic_pe_files ./files//hxjgTDr8V2
generic_pe_files ./files//Deerling
generic_pe_files ./files//Dragonair
generic_pe_files ./files//Ygritte
generic_pe_files ./files//Stantler
generic_pe_files ./files//Duosion
generic_pe_files ./files//Grotle
generic_pe_files ./files//Chingling
generic_pe_files ./files//82IQuJA5Pc
generic_pe_files ./files//Drowzee
generic_pe_files ./files//Teddiursa
generic_pe_files ./files//o5EQifykjT
generic_pe_files ./files//5TVbrQP4Fa
generic_pe_files ./files//Abomasnow
generic_pe_files ./files//Pz7JNh57Qk
generic_pe_files ./files//28wMu5chzm
generic_pe_files ./files//Hsu2IEuBnb
generic_pe_files ./files//Bisharp
generic_pe_files ./files//Jaqen_H'ghar
generic_pe_files ./files//Daenerys_Targaryen
generic_pe_files ./files//Tyrogue
generic_pe_files ./files//ktSJ04E3GG
generic_pe_files ./files//6gPHtsq8AG
generic_pe_files ./files//JSlKF1ZCW9
generic_pe_files ./files//Sandslash
generic_pe_files ./files//Heliolisk
generic_pe_files ./files//Boldore
generic_pe_files ./files//Marshtomp
generic_pe_files ./files//a2aY7pni8w
generic_pe_files ./files//Magmortar
generic_pe_files ./files//uczE98KV1g
generic_pe_files ./files//KtIZlL5eJI
generic_pe_files ./files//Theon_Greyjoy
generic_pe_files ./files//Ferroseed
generic_pe_files ./files//Ellaria_Sand
generic_pe_files ./files//R6T1pPQJSj
generic_pe_files ./files//Totodile
generic_pe_files ./files//55hv2kqDJM
generic_pe_files ./files//Cinccino
generic_pe_files ./files//Kangaskhan
generic_pe_files ./files//TNs2S9vTDx
generic_pe_files ./files//Noctowl
generic_pe_files ./files//Chansey
generic_pe_files ./files//Treecko
generic_pe_files ./files//Butterfree
generic_pe_files ./files//Eelektross
generic_pe_files ./files//Shuckle
generic_pe_files ./files//Hf6Hi28Mm0
generic_pe_files ./files//Dialga
generic_pe_files ./files//Vullaby
generic_pe_files ./files//Kricketune
generic_pe_files ./files//Ledian
generic_pe_files ./files//Krokorok
generic_pe_files ./files//Ambipom
generic_pe_files ./files//Tyrunt
generic_pe_files ./files//Trapinch
generic_pe_files ./files//Aurorus
generic_pe_files ./files//mG0i39ebkG
generic_pe_files ./files//Timburr
generic_pe_files ./files//Shedinja
generic_pe_files ./files//ZjiyeT5uXu
generic_pe_files ./files//Cyndaquil
generic_pe_files ./files//Foongus
generic_pe_files ./files//b6SYUUXeaL
generic_pe_files ./files//Scrafty
generic_pe_files ./files//Primeape
generic_pe_files ./files//bZKSVfBgYN
generic_pe_files ./files//Starmie
generic_pe_files ./files//0zxXZX0eoH
generic_pe_files ./files//iBaNWxmB0O
generic_pe_files ./files//3j0PvPYgk5
generic_pe_files ./files//Ghost
generic_pe_files ./files//sH1t32MkQh
generic_pe_files ./files//Yf8pBEOoNy
generic_pe_files ./files//rlPoqtlWOl
generic_pe_files ./files//Fraxure
generic_pe_files ./files//4rDvcyHJ9c
generic_pe_files ./files//Darkrai
generic_pe_files ./files//Pignite
generic_pe_files ./files//YcUt2kWn4u
generic_pe_files ./files//Natu
generic_pe_files ./files//sVPb39ksCF
generic_pe_files ./files//Sceptile
generic_pe_files ./files//IcXPhlwoTv
generic_pe_files ./files//95d2n04U77
generic_pe_files ./files//oKZ2FmPmS6
generic_pe_files ./files//Slaking
generic_pe_files ./files//Torchic
generic_pe_files ./files//YHt5lyl2gp
generic_pe_files ./files//Trubbish
generic_pe_files ./files//mMqEd2SYe6
generic_pe_files ./files//Gorebyss
generic_pe_files ./files//Quilladin
generic_pe_files ./files//Slurpuff
generic_pe_files ./files//Makuhita
generic_pe_files ./files//Avalugg
generic_pe_files ./files//Beautifly
generic_pe_files ./files//81FMk75Hm5
generic_pe_files ./files//Banette
generic_pe_files ./files//Swablu
generic_pe_files ./files//UMN2LWoTtB
generic_pe_files ./files//N1WYfPow4W
generic_pe_files ./files//IPHa1az8UC
generic_pe_files ./files//Flaaffy
generic_pe_files ./files//H8xCItKrvz
generic_pe_files ./files//d1Ual7Eubs
generic_pe_files ./files//3jMjKcto6d
generic_pe_files ./files//Empoleon
generic_pe_files ./files//jiJoUtsPtA
generic_pe_files ./files//Claydol
generic_pe_files ./files//Pidove
generic_pe_files ./files//Kd24rllZmu
generic_pe_files ./files//Vaporeon
generic_pe_files ./files//wv3aD2UBOY
generic_pe_files ./files//Munchlax
generic_pe_files ./files//Manaphy
generic_pe_files ./files//Electrike
generic_pe_files ./files//Honchkrow
generic_pe_files ./files//Zygarde
generic_pe_files ./files//kEmdyi0YeB
generic_pe_files ./files//Xas3a1w1YQ
generic_pe_files ./files//Humboldt_Park
generic_pe_files ./files//2pKkMnCM8n
generic_pe_files ./files//Lv7WBHVEtQ
generic_pe_files ./files//Xd4gnoDp3M
generic_pe_files ./files//Weavile
generic_pe_files ./files//akQZbqTVJz
generic_pe_files ./files//Celebi
generic_pe_files ./files//Gendry
generic_pe_files ./files//Nights_Watch
generic_pe_files ./files//dFbPCu0JpP
generic_pe_files ./files//Jumpluff
generic_pe_files ./files//NOpmHFraej
generic_pe_files ./files//Scraggy
generic_pe_files ./files//Ninetales
generic_pe_files ./files//Magnemite
generic_pe_files ./files//X6vg4NjX5a
generic_pe_files ./files//Octillery
generic_pe_files ./files//KtvI0cEPBZ
generic_pe_files ./files//Magmar
generic_pe_files ./files//1Uh84Iezar
generic_pe_files ./files//Yanma
generic_pe_files ./files//Bellossom
generic_pe_files ./files//Dwebble
generic_pe_files ./files//Liepard
generic_pe_files ./files//52F8PK7IhH
generic_pe_files ./files//upI6y7eWh6
generic_pe_files ./files//Tsk6jYZd2I
generic_pe_files ./files//cr8J422PgI
generic_pe_files ./files//Metapod
generic_pe_files ./files//y8g1peUsEe
generic_pe_files ./files//0qKtfgxiux
generic_pe_files ./files//Arceus
generic_pe_files ./files//Electrode
generic_pe_files ./files//Lickilicky
generic_pe_files ./files//Chinchou
generic_pe_files ./files//ABq3tz5qck
generic_pe_files ./files//Smoochum
generic_pe_files ./files//Magcargo
generic_pe_files ./files//rcxjuexdDh
generic_pe_files ./files//Larvitar
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Baratheon
generic_pe_files ./files//Suicune
generic_pe_files ./files//Misdreavus
generic_pe_files ./files//GQEiz68xhh
generic_pe_files ./files//p6Ww1HGBNR
generic_pe_files ./files//VD5zXAMq1p
generic_pe_files ./files//Cranidos
generic_pe_files ./files//Bergmite
generic_pe_files ./files//LXr41lrdIU
generic_pe_files ./files//meuJ0b1arh
generic_pe_files ./files//IPnUJYiDFC
generic_pe_files ./files//DhTOlWKtjs
generic_pe_files ./files//Mewtwo
generic_pe_files ./files//qBodRRmIr8
generic_pe_files ./files//Regice
generic_pe_files ./files//tlcN76zpfS
generic_pe_files ./files//Kabuto
generic_pe_files ./files//Hitmonchan
generic_pe_files ./files//K7wrtpGei8
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Frey
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Martell
generic_pe_files ./files//Pidgeotto
generic_pe_files ./files//WlRDmob6Qn
generic_pe_files ./files//Tyrion_Lannister
generic_pe_files ./files//Wormadam
generic_pe_files ./files//n1gDVZhxqo
generic_pe_files ./files//Petilil
generic_pe_files ./files//ob3w4EQcKb
generic_pe_files ./files//5r0ZbP9mjQ
generic_pe_files ./files//Darumaka
generic_pe_files ./files//Durant
generic_pe_files ./files//fW71BvYBKI
generic_pe_files ./files//Blastoise
generic_pe_files ./files//XlS8GGoAbQ
generic_pe_files ./files//Jeor_Mormont
generic_pe_files ./files//Weezing
generic_pe_files ./files//Girafarig
generic_pe_files ./files//Croconaw
generic_pe_files ./files//Golbat
generic_pe_files ./files//Golett
generic_pe_files ./files//Spewpa
generic_pe_files ./files//0j5CYX3QIZ
generic_pe_files ./files//Seadra
generic_pe_files ./files//Clauncher
generic_pe_files ./files//Rhyhorn
generic_pe_files ./files//Ntzn1SGGKX
generic_pe_files ./files//Fearow
generic_pe_files ./files//Budew
generic_pe_files ./files//Hoopa
generic_pe_files ./files//o1xzewWO1h
generic_pe_files ./files//Bronzong
generic_pe_files ./files//Yveltal
generic_pe_files ./files//a5t10nGCrQ
generic_pe_files ./files//Moltres
generic_pe_files ./files//Swirlix
generic_pe_files ./files//PEqT5SVbbF
generic_pe_files ./files//Golduck
generic_pe_files ./files//J0XZEZPwBz
generic_pe_files ./files//Mudkip
generic_pe_files ./files//Tyranitar
generic_pe_files ./files//Snover
generic_pe_files ./files//Kabutops
generic_pe_files ./files//Herdier
generic_pe_files ./files//Volcarona
generic_pe_files ./files//5N2S6AJ3yG
generic_pe_files ./files//Aerodactyl
generic_pe_files ./files//bVnHXHhRsG
generic_pe_files ./files//AMTas4Oypn
generic_pe_files ./files//Swalot
generic_pe_files ./files//TQGvv4bU0y
generic_pe_files ./files//Kirlia
generic_pe_files ./files//Smeargle
generic_pe_files ./files//Mesprit
generic_pe_files ./files//Wooper
generic_pe_files ./files//Spritzee
generic_pe_files ./files//whVXoYHZAM
generic_pe_files ./files//Xerneas
generic_pe_files ./files//Staraptor
generic_pe_files ./files//mvwLt90y4k
generic_pe_files ./files//g5zGCMeFhI
generic_pe_files ./files//Spheal
generic_pe_files ./files//GvbFWXmIYD
generic_pe_files ./files//Genesect
generic_pe_files ./files//Torterra
generic_pe_files ./files//jEQ3iLC93J
generic_pe_files ./files//Remoraid
generic_pe_files ./files//swxJCBdpLm
generic_pe_files ./files//GExP9ZpGky
generic_pe_files ./files//Lombre
generic_pe_files ./files//nl5Qfvusfg
generic_pe_files ./files//Magnezone
generic_pe_files ./files//Petyr_Littlefinger_Baelish
generic_pe_files ./files//D4uWci4fOu
generic_pe_files ./files//Machop
generic_pe_files ./files//k9L4ICpYDp
generic_pe_files ./files//Haunter
generic_pe_files ./files//KvI5QVRxjA
generic_pe_files ./files//U3xjKCHrDb
generic_pe_files ./files//bVwZMSvRDB
generic_pe_files ./files//qilY3pbNME
generic_pe_files ./files//Jon_Snow
generic_pe_files ./files//S2KBDgwshy
generic_pe_files ./files//P8XHt1DoMA
generic_pe_files ./files//Pidgeot
generic_pe_files ./files//Animals
generic_pe_files ./files//UOaLsQqIh8
generic_pe_files ./files//Blaziken
generic_pe_files ./files//Grand_Boulevard
generic_pe_files ./files//Ampharos
generic_pe_files ./files//Pawniard
generic_pe_files ./files//Chesnaught
generic_pe_files ./files//xSTGIB9Bma
generic_pe_files ./files//Zoroark
generic_pe_files ./files//Py6aMQFs3l
generic_pe_files ./files//Talisa_Maegyr
generic_pe_files ./files//Uxie
generic_pe_files ./files//YCLsU845XX
generic_pe_files ./files//Tranquill
generic_pe_files ./files//iKumlevuKj
generic_pe_files ./files//mlgWAZ6L3e
generic_pe_files ./files//Beedrill
generic_pe_files ./files//Bibarel
generic_pe_files ./files//LGbH9VF1SB
generic_pe_files ./files//Espeon
generic_pe_files ./files//Mothim
generic_pe_files ./files//Roserade
generic_pe_files ./files//Conkeldurr
generic_pe_files ./files//Tangrowth
generic_pe_files ./files//Vulpix
generic_pe_files ./files//Barbaracle
generic_pe_files ./files//Gastrodon
generic_pe_files ./files//Buneary
generic_pe_files ./files//Sentret
generic_pe_files ./files//Wigglytuff
generic_pe_files ./files//Raticate
generic_pe_files ./files//pEimxHsoq4
generic_pe_files ./files//Swadloon
generic_pe_files ./files//Dugtrio
generic_pe_files ./files//Sunkern
generic_pe_files ./files//l9tBPC6pdP
generic_pe_files ./files//Ditto
generic_pe_files ./files//Opgta6wdXm
generic_pe_files ./files//Sealeo
generic_pe_files ./files//Geodude
generic_pe_files ./files//KZG6Mtl7cv
generic_pe_files ./files//Trevenant
generic_pe_files ./files//zaQAaIXcBy
generic_pe_files ./files//Bidoof
generic_pe_files ./files//kBBKME3e14
generic_pe_files ./files//dEXdbnIAK6
generic_pe_files ./files//Litleo
generic_pe_files ./files//Corsola
generic_pe_files ./files//6ucoiWJv3h
generic_pe_files ./files//DaO7dVldtp
generic_pe_files ./files//MKLgEnE1ZC
generic_pe_files ./files//Skorupi
generic_pe_files ./files//Horsea
generic_pe_files ./files//43mfsdZUCv
generic_pe_files ./files//cyL8CB2YRV
generic_pe_files ./files//hS3vUobpfl
generic_pe_files ./files//bCmSPaPXjO
generic_pe_files ./files//sEn6JRsl7d
generic_pe_files ./files//aMvHp6vWJY
generic_pe_files ./files//oGOn8QzVoT
generic_pe_files ./files//VOhHBrPoOG
generic_pe_files ./files//Yl028v0UGm
generic_pe_files ./files//mOwHrgGrLI
generic_pe_files ./files//Oddish
generic_pe_files ./files//ME1mT2H2l4
generic_pe_files ./files//2EnURRDmnj
generic_pe_files ./files//Flygon
generic_pe_files ./files//CrgEgRwo6q
generic_pe_files ./files//jluWD5BjNr
generic_pe_files ./files//Starly
generic_pe_files ./files//A2GZk0hjId
generic_pe_files ./files//vFslSh8alg
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Tully
generic_pe_files ./files//Machoke
generic_pe_files ./files//Snorunt
generic_pe_files ./files//Grey_Worm
generic_pe_files ./files//Aggron
generic_pe_files ./files//Melisandre
generic_pe_files ./files//95nCQj35wb
generic_pe_files ./files//fMgGk9xuUt
generic_pe_files ./files//aJg5ONMCIf
generic_pe_files ./files//Azelf
generic_pe_files ./files//Lapras
generic_pe_files ./files//HH98a60Mja
generic_pe_files ./files//AozfSqz7v4
generic_pe_files ./files//mEh1m9eQtv
generic_pe_files ./files//mf7IY5af2y
generic_pe_files ./files//srED82DbGm
generic_pe_files ./files//Raikou
generic_pe_files ./files//Skiddo
generic_pe_files ./files//Hippopotas
generic_pe_files ./files//SB8Ko4f2pO
generic_pe_files ./files//Keldeo
generic_pe_files ./files//70kJErW1IH
generic_pe_files ./files//Elgyem
generic_pe_files ./files//7qzewDDP0o
generic_pe_files ./files//Whirlipede
generic_pe_files ./files//Poliwrath
generic_pe_files ./files//PwZthsmXCJ
generic_pe_files ./files//Cubchoo
generic_pe_files ./files//Delibird
generic_pe_files ./files//Margaery_Tyrell
generic_pe_files ./files//Fennekin
generic_pe_files ./files//Omastar
generic_pe_files ./files//Heracross
generic_pe_files ./files//SkJvPi96Mk
generic_pe_files ./files//TyOEqPePIv
generic_pe_files ./files//rmAKJlTrQR
generic_pe_files ./files//DBmdvLqiYW
generic_pe_files ./files//Scatterbug
generic_pe_files ./files//Nuzleaf
generic_pe_files ./files//Bulbasaur
generic_pe_files ./files//Servine
generic_pe_files ./files//6crnvnko6n
generic_pe_files ./files//Axew
generic_pe_files ./files//Tropius
generic_pe_files ./files//Gourgeist
generic_pe_files ./files//Luxray
generic_pe_files ./files//H4AQJDgBfS
generic_pe_files ./files//Espurr
generic_pe_files ./files//Growlithe
generic_pe_files ./files//I1vp3Mm5XY
generic_pe_files ./files//yYQ3knMltN
generic_pe_files ./files//Simisage
generic_pe_files ./files//RiDNIw9wGg
generic_pe_files ./files//Houndoom
generic_pe_files ./files//7hvGtZaskW
generic_pe_files ./files//Slowpoke
generic_pe_files ./files//Sandor_Clegane
generic_pe_files ./files//Aromatisse
generic_pe_files ./files//Torkoal
generic_pe_files ./files//vIrJ16GWMX
generic_pe_files ./files//Mime
generic_pe_files ./files//Gulpin
generic_pe_files ./files//Dustox
generic_pe_files ./files//Gogoat
generic_pe_files ./files//Latios
generic_pe_files ./files//Milotic
generic_pe_files ./files//Ponyta
generic_pe_files ./files//kQFoA2j5Ty
generic_pe_files ./files//5u3FzjQJl7
generic_pe_files ./files//Hoothoot
generic_pe_files ./files//Azurill
generic_pe_files ./files//0tS6C2F4Ri
generic_pe_files ./files//Z7KW5Xii4P
generic_pe_files ./files//Robb_Stark
generic_pe_files ./files//Tepig
generic_pe_files ./files//Dodrio
generic_pe_files ./files//Bronn
generic_pe_files ./files//tfRCdicwCh
generic_pe_files ./files//Meowth
generic_pe_files ./files//Fletchinder
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Tyrell
generic_pe_files ./files//AT7fzqfwsZ
generic_pe_files ./files//Manectric
generic_pe_files ./files//Tynamo
generic_pe_files ./files//Exeggutor
generic_pe_files ./files//Dunsparce
generic_pe_files ./files//Parasect
generic_pe_files ./files//Klink
generic_pe_files ./files//pJ8XQpNVTa
generic_pe_files ./files//k8fi8DnYv1
generic_pe_files ./files//Oshawott
generic_pe_files ./files//Bagon
generic_pe_files ./files//Spiritomb
generic_pe_files ./files//Latias
generic_pe_files ./files//Regirock
generic_pe_files ./files//Combee
generic_pe_files ./files//Glaceon
generic_pe_files ./files//TGbls7JuYI
generic_pe_files ./files//sEJOvf0zGf
generic_pe_files ./files//Groudon
generic_pe_files ./files//NwmUteUDxb
generic_pe_files ./files//TcpjlgpAsR
generic_pe_files ./files//1oIibg7eHr
generic_pe_files ./files//Hitmontop
generic_pe_files ./files//Tentacool
generic_pe_files ./files//oJVRfO2Hnp
generic_pe_files ./files//Venipede
generic_pe_files ./files//7F740iF2Ky
generic_pe_files ./files//Psyduck
generic_pe_files ./files//Vespiquen
generic_pe_files ./files//Cleffa
generic_pe_files ./files//Yamask
generic_pe_files ./files//TBRchj93Nd
generic_pe_files ./files//aiKF7XpNSE
generic_pe_files ./files//JaNftiDV29
generic_pe_files ./files//Samurott
generic_pe_files ./files//XIXESTNIxe
generic_pe_files ./files//OPdEOPnxs5
generic_pe_files ./files//Skarmory
generic_pe_files ./files//Jaime_Lannister
generic_pe_files ./files//baXocu0Ag9
generic_pe_files ./files//np2Cr6ec3s
generic_pe_files ./files//Victini
generic_pe_files ./files//Mismagius
generic_pe_files ./files//Bastiodon
generic_pe_files ./files//Froakie
generic_pe_files ./files//uATBCxdu7a
generic_pe_files ./files//Tirtouga
generic_pe_files ./files//3PXOFkD9c7
generic_pe_files ./files//Wurmple
generic_pe_files ./files//FrRSrWxwXs
generic_pe_files ./files//Walrein
generic_pe_files ./files//Beartic
generic_pe_files ./files//Vanilluxe
generic_pe_files ./files//Tauros
generic_pe_files ./files//Snivy
generic_pe_files ./files//YwaMS3cmem
generic_pe_files ./files//5fAts9X5OM
generic_pe_files ./files//IRIs2BvRem
generic_pe_files ./files//HLJEnFkmdR
generic_pe_files ./files//Yanmega
generic_pe_files ./files//Deoxys
generic_pe_files ./files//xtTbvGoJOk
generic_pe_files ./files//Froslass
generic_pe_files ./files//Feraligatr
generic_pe_files ./files//Pidgey
generic_pe_files ./files//Lunatone
generic_pe_files ./files//Rayquaza
generic_pe_files ./files//Electabuzz
generic_pe_files ./files//l6OSQD1dIu
generic_pe_files ./files//Zorua
generic_pe_files ./files//4KjPUUU8aK
generic_pe_files ./files//Donphan
generic_pe_files ./files//Gothorita
generic_pe_files ./files//f4wyBCZZa5
generic_pe_files ./files//Skiploom
generic_pe_files ./files//Anorith
generic_pe_files ./files//6aQCHzwdBG
generic_pe_files ./files//Murkrow
generic_pe_files ./files//pm0BncpR2m
generic_pe_files ./files//rxvosbaJW9
generic_pe_files ./files//ztSwxCWT6e
generic_pe_files ./files//e5lby3EbH2
generic_pe_files ./files//Feebas
generic_pe_files ./files//Porygon
generic_pe_files ./files//n7GsceSDzx
generic_pe_files ./files//Englewood
generic_pe_files ./files//3BmovmfRAL
generic_pe_files ./files//rMVn5BfKtV
generic_pe_files ./files//aM4jC1suQN
generic_pe_files ./files//ToRt27qcNd
generic_pe_files ./files//Togepi
generic_pe_files ./files//Klang
generic_pe_files ./files//QOlaXBn5YB
generic_pe_files ./files//Marill
generic_pe_files ./files//Shieldon
generic_pe_files ./files//Chatot
generic_pe_files ./files//Helioptile
generic_pe_files ./files//z5sXWsxUUC
generic_pe_files ./files//N22xxvyMDr
generic_pe_files ./files//BMYulA7aEC
generic_pe_files ./files//A7Ci3Mi1yv
generic_pe_files ./files//PbQ9BznCQq
generic_pe_files ./files//jLRorEGNgI
generic_pe_files ./files//kIv6yRmBDr
generic_pe_files ./files//Cr299EXcbJ
generic_pe_files ./files//Cobalion
generic_pe_files ./files//Slakoth
generic_pe_files ./files//Umbreon
generic_pe_files ./files//Wartortle
generic_pe_files ./files//RF1MxkX0gW
generic_pe_files ./files//Iet3eZfppJ
generic_pe_files ./files//Woobat
generic_pe_files ./files//Jirachi
generic_pe_files ./files//Amoonguss
generic_pe_files ./files//Bouffalant
generic_pe_files ./files//NppyhtKr5Z
generic_pe_files ./files//Grimer
generic_pe_files ./files//Swinub
generic_pe_files ./files//Ekans
generic_pe_files ./files//Mightyena
generic_pe_files ./files//xXvcuOl388
generic_pe_files ./files//Solrock
generic_pe_files ./files//mNMFANuirl
generic_pe_files ./files//Electivire
generic_pe_files ./files//House_Lannister
generic_pe_files ./files//Magby
generic_pe_files ./files//s3m4HVRPXK
generic_pe_files ./files//Ledyba
generic_pe_files ./files//8dlJge28N8
generic_pe_files ./files//w6cUDwOSxE
generic_pe_files ./files//aji99FGiLY
generic_pe_files ./files//lpcfwJ6C1Q
generic_pe_files ./files//LUYwf9FMgW
generic_pe_files ./files//Sudowoodo
generic_pe_files ./files//Xatu
generic_pe_files ./files//lIlkQn2UL5
generic_pe_files ./files//Quagsire
generic_pe_files ./files//Infernape
generic_pe_files ./files//hJ5JL9VJeG
generic_pe_files ./files//OQbs0nxTlj
generic_pe_files ./files//eJeR2wv1QG
generic_pe_files ./files//Caterpie
generic_pe_files ./files//Tangela
generic_pe_files ./files//Slowking
generic_pe_files ./files//NMg4yZQ1qI
generic_pe_files ./files//Giratina
generic_pe_files ./files//Metang
generic_pe_files ./files//Dusknoir
generic_pe_files ./files//Drilbur
generic_pe_files ./files//Swampert
generic_pe_files ./files//Snubbull
generic_pe_files ./files//Leafeon
generic_pe_files ./files//Pyroar
generic_pe_files ./files//GRXZhiWqqn
generic_pe_files ./files//tOJmOJtcaY
generic_pe_files ./files//Purrloin
generic_pe_files ./files//CAZ0IZHNX0
generic_pe_files ./files//Rotom
generic_pe_files ./files//Linoone
generic_pe_files ./files//Zigzagoon
generic_pe_files ./files//iBaSCXaAce
generic_pe_files ./files//Whimsicott
generic_pe_files ./files//n4Ox8OX0QT
generic_pe_files ./files//Kakuna
generic_pe_files ./files//Poochyena
generic_pe_files ./files//jzZ5ODYmCs
generic_pe_files ./files//Golem
generic_pe_files ./files//Cascoon
generic_pe_files ./files//Raichu
generic_pe_files ./files//Donphan.bak
generic_pe_files ./files//XIxdDNucox
generic_pe_files ./files//Slowbro
generic_pe_files ./files//Illumise
generic_pe_files ./files//Drogon
generic_pe_files ./files//j7x48X6cC3
generic_pe_files ./files//CPQZyO973h
generic_pe_files ./files//Nincada
generic_pe_files ./files//5mGtpE9yBl
generic_pe_files ./files//Jynx
generic_pe_files ./files//F2I2NqLtbQ
generic_pe_files ./files//OQR2CJE4XF
generic_pe_files ./files//h3MAtweaiU
generic_pe_files ./files//Shellos
generic_pe_files ./files//ekH7GPiCSe
generic_pe_files ./files//Vanillish
generic_pe_files ./files//OM1HTXbA0v
generic_pe_files ./files//Mew
generic_pe_files ./files//GfDKvRbiLf
generic_pe_files ./files//Sansa_Stark
generic_pe_files ./files//k52L6r5q0D
generic_pe_files ./files//nXrzJjN9sb
generic_pe_files ./files//Malamar
generic_pe_files ./files//BMQyoYKfCC
generic_pe_files ./files//64QLft3tNS
generic_pe_files ./files//Frillish
generic_pe_files ./files//Igglybuff
generic_pe_files ./files//HTAHa1aZ7u
generic_pe_files ./files//clJc6597tA
generic_pe_files ./files//52shhhTdZP
generic_pe_files ./files//N6vOJhrs45
generic_pe_files ./files//Paras
generic_pe_files ./files//Houndour
generic_pe_files ./files//iY5DuttmL9
generic_pe_files ./files//L2C3VPcgZI
generic_pe_files ./files//Sunflora
generic_pe_files ./files//Y1vg6JUZ7J
generic_pe_files ./files//Nidoking
generic_pe_files ./files//Leavanny
generic_pe_files ./files//4eRGZ6EvgJ
generic_pe_files ./files//Exeggcute
generic_pe_files ./files//Riolu
generic_pe_files ./files//Hitmonlee
generic_pe_files ./files//Simisear
generic_pe_files ./files//Ramsay_Bolton
generic_pe_files ./files//2n0vrUZIgh
generic_pe_files ./files//nPLUnqOZR9
generic_pe_files ./files//Shuppet
generic_pe_files ./files//Lairon
generic_pe_files ./files//Crustle
generic_pe_files ./files//bUU0xieqPf
generic_pe_files ./files//qZSWvU4GvB
generic_pe_files ./files//IHkcvEepQY
generic_pe_files ./files//Missandei
generic_pe_files ./files//Skrelp
generic_pe_files ./files//Swanna
generic_pe_files ./files//c6PWNYKXIn
generic_pe_files ./files//Arbok
generic_pe_files ./files//PmPDXc6wgS
generic_pe_files ./files//qgDXLJAcfP
generic_pe_files ./files//3FOop1Ixw2
generic_pe_files ./files//9tKMK8BFoq
generic_pe_files ./files//Roselia
generic_pe_files ./files//Masquerain
generic_pe_files ./files//S4t3WJE5UU
generic_pe_files ./files//GjyCdajh6A
generic_pe_files ./files//nL0tAaHzvN
generic_pe_files ./files//Shroomish
generic_pe_files ./files//kDU0P1LVb4
generic_pe_files ./files//AkNmjEg3bG
generic_pe_files ./files//PD2GimkGlH
generic_pe_files ./files//V21IcHd88b
generic_pe_files ./files//FGehwEXb6f
generic_pe_files ./files//Lillipup
generic_pe_files ./files//Huntail
generic_pe_files ./files//mAw7XzM2EB
generic_pe_files ./files//Greninja
generic_pe_files ./files//Kecleon
generic_pe_files ./files//Bronzor
generic_pe_files ./files//Turtwig
generic_pe_files ./files//Kyogre
generic_pe_files ./files//Medicham
generic_pe_files ./files//5Q11cLxdAM
generic_pe_files ./files//Volcanion
generic_pe_files ./files//Exploud
generic_pe_files ./files//bBPDOCpOv5
generic_pe_files ./files//Talonflame
generic_pe_files ./files//Landorus
generic_pe_files ./files//Maractus
generic_pe_files ./files//Happiny
generic_pe_files ./files//Dratini
generic_pe_files ./files//jwDstCK2vY
generic_pe_files ./files//Drifloon
generic_pe_files ./files//Cubone
generic_pe_files ./files//Zweilous
generic_pe_files ./files//Persian
generic_pe_files ./files//N3KNZB7WUU
generic_pe_files ./files//Drifblim
generic_pe_files ./files//Croagunk
generic_pe_files ./files//Rhydon
generic_pe_files ./files//Steelix
generic_pe_files ./files//6i5gk5CFMP
generic_pe_files ./files//EQgrVrcQMC
generic_pe_files ./files//Wailord
generic_pe_files ./files//Barboach
generic_pe_files ./files//6CKX6xGKbE
generic_pe_files ./files//Ul9JlA7JxG
generic_pe_files ./files//2X2EfVvmMt
generic_pe_files ./files//Mawile
generic_pe_files ./files//WnRmoBl7QF
generic_pe_files ./files//KS7kQCP6xE
generic_pe_files ./files//Audino
generic_pe_files ./files//sETUmYbimj
generic_pe_files ./files//Nidorino
generic_pe_files ./files//Chimchar
generic_pe_files ./files//Chimecho
generic_pe_files ./files//xwmvOSMHOD
generic_pe_files ./files//Lilligant
generic_pe_files ./files//vBy3ulUTFO
generic_pe_files ./files//Sneasel
generic_pe_files ./files//Delcatty
generic_pe_files ./files//Ibxssq0v3e
generic_pe_files ./files//Lanturn
generic_pe_files ./files//sonWeZEGAr
generic_pe_files ./files//Dragalge
generic_pe_files ./files//IsWefQva6C
generic_pe_files ./files//Lickitung
generic_pe_files ./files//Joffrey_Baratheon
generic_pe_files ./files//Swoobat
generic_pe_files ./files//F7iiQeGYzO
generic_pe_files ./files//Monferno
generic_pe_files ./files//Blitzle
generic_pe_files ./files//zL3JVgRRO3
generic_pe_files ./files//Nidorina
generic_pe_files ./files//Gothita
generic_pe_files ./files//Luvdisc
generic_pe_files ./files//ScXl0Ys0sa
generic_pe_files ./files//MeQvNUFfXc
generic_pe_files ./files//The_High_Sparrow
generic_pe_files ./files//Plusle
generic_pe_files ./files//Seviper
generic_pe_files ./files//Forretress
generic_pe_files ./files//L1e4b0X7Uu
generic_pe_files ./files//Nidoqueen
generic_pe_files ./files//Nf0fZ7fnQk
generic_pe_files ./files//Charizard
generic_pe_files ./files//Poliwhirl
generic_pe_files ./files//Varys
generic_pe_files ./files//Venomoth
generic_pe_files ./files//kShtpGrh5q
generic_pe_files ./files//Litwick
generic_pe_files ./files//Elekid
generic_pe_files ./files//Vibrava
generic_pe_files ./files//eyjCf65YIc
generic_pe_files ./files//Slugma
generic_pe_files ./files//Simipour
generic_pe_files ./files//Lucario
generic_pe_files ./files//Joltik
generic_pe_files ./files//Musharna
generic_pe_files ./files//Cofagrigus
generic_pe_files ./files//Koffing
generic_pe_files ./files//Whismur
generic_pe_files ./files//People_of_Westeros
generic_pe_files ./files//Kyurem
generic_pe_files ./files//Ferrothorn
generic_pe_files ./files//CUY97Boos5
generic_pe_files ./files//R6o61NrkOK
generic_pe_files ./files//Sableye
generic_pe_files ./files//Phanpy
generic_pe_files ./files//IUSBnjEYhx
generic_pe_files ./files//Dewgong
generic_pe_files ./files//rnRYYkSaIt
generic_pe_files ./files//dqE1zNpue3
generic_pe_files ./files//59SbodFNtV
generic_pe_files ./files//Dragonite


